NMS-14412: SNMP Interface Poller doc updates (#5030)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/snmp-poller/concepts.adoc

NOTE: It is possible to configure the service to treat additional values of `ifOperStatus` as logically up or down.
In the event that this configuration option is used and `ifOperStatus` transitions to a state configured as a down value that is not literally `down(2)`, both the `uei.opennms.org/nodes/snmp/interfaceOperDown` event and an event for the more specific state is sent.

== Configuration and use

> === Enabling the service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Enable the service
```

   <invoke at="status" pass="0" method="status"/>
   <invoke at="stop" pass="0" method="stop"/>
</service>
----

You must restart {page-component-title} to apply this change.

> === Configuring the service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Configure the service
```

       <interface name="Ethernet" criteria="snmpiftype = 6" interval="300000" user-defined="false" status="on" port="161" timeout="1000" retry="1" max-vars-per-pdu="10" />
   </package-->
</snmp-interface-poller-configuration>
----

Configuration options available:

snmp-interface-poller-configuration::
Top-level element for the snmp-interface-poller-configuration.xml configuration file.

> The available attributes are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The available attributes are the following:
```

+
[options="header, autowidth"]
[cols="2,3"]
|===
| Attribute
| Description

| interval
| Default polling interval in milliseconds.

| threads
| Maximum number of threads used for SNMP polling.

| service
| SNMP service string.
Almost always "SNMP".

| useCriteriaFilters

> a| Flag that indicates if interfaces that do not match the criteria attribute of an interface element in an otherwise matching package should be polled with default settings or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a| Flag that indicates if interfaces that do not match the criteria attribute of an interface element in an otherwise matching package should be polled with default settings.
```

> * When "false" such an interface will be polled with default settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When "false" such an interface will be polled with default settings.
```

filter::
Mandatory.
Behaves like `filter` elements in <<service-assurance/polling-packages.adoc#ga-pollerd-packages, pollerd packages>>.

specific:: Behaves like `specific` elements in <<service-assurance/polling-packages.adoc#ga-pollerd-packages, pollerd packages>>.

include-range:: Behaves like `include-range` elements in <<service-assurance/polling-packages.adoc#ga-pollerd-packages, pollerd packages>>.

exclude-range:: Behaves like `exclude-range` elements in <<service-assurance/polling-packages.adoc#ga-pollerd-packages, pollerd packages>>.

include-url:: Behaves like `include-url` in <<service-assurance/polling-packages.adoc#ga-pollerd-packages, pollerd packages>>.

NOTE: The `filter`, `specific`, `include-range`, `exclude-range`, and `include-url` elements apply to the node and interface on which the SNMP interface data resides, not the SNMP interfaces themselves.

interface:: Controls how, when, and (sometimes) which kinds of SNMP interfaces will be polled for status from management interfaces that match the package rules.
The available attributes are:
+
[options="header, autowidth"]
[cols="2,3"]
|===
| Attribute
| Description

| name
| Name for this interface element.

> It is generally advisable to make the name representative of the criteria filter of the interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We suggest that you make the name representative of the criteria filter of the interface.
```

Required.

| criteria
| Criteria added to the SQL query performed on the SNMP interfaces available for polling on an interface node.
Can have more than one.
Lets you specify different settings for different types of interfaces.
As noted above, if `useCriteriaFilters` is `true` on the top-level element, any interface that does not match the criteria filter on one of the interface elements will not be polled.

| interval
| Polling interval for interfaces matching this element's criteria, in milliseconds.
Overrides the global setting in the top-level element for interfaces that match this element's criteria filter.

| user-defined

> | An unused boolean value reserved for use in the UI, should one ever exist for this service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| An unused Boolean value reserved for use in the UI, should one ever exist for this service.
```

Defaults to `false`.

| status
| When `off` polling will not be performed for SNMP interfaces that meet the criteria filter of this element.
Defaults to `on`.

| port
| If set, overrides UDP port 161 as the port where SNMP GET/GETNEXT/GETBULK requests are sent.
Valid values are between 1 and 65535.

| retry
| Number of retry attempts made when attempting to retrieve `ifAdminStatus` and `ifOperStatus` values from the management interface for SNMP interfaces that match this element's criteria filter.

| timeout
| Timeout, in milliseconds, to wait for a response to SNMP GET/GETNEXT/GETBULK requests sent to the node interface.

| max-vars-per-pdu
| Number of variables to send per SNMP request.
Default is `10`.

| up-values
| Values of `ifAdminStatus` and `ifOperStatus` to treat as up values.
Expects a comma-separated list of integer values between 1 and 7.
Example: `1,5`.
Defaults to `1`.

| down-values
| Values of `ifAdminStatus` and `ifOperStatus` to treat as down values.
Expects a comma-separated list of integer values between 1 and 7.
Example: `2,3,4,6,7`.
Defaults to `2`.
|===

> === Configuring device interfaces to poll

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Configure device interfaces to poll
```

As an example, you could create a policy named `pollVoIPDialPeers` that flags interfaces with `ifType = 104` for polling.
Set the `action` to `ENABLE_POLLING` and `matchBehavior` to `ALL_PARAMETERS`.
Add parameter `ifType` with `104` for the value.
Once you synchronize the requisition, SNMP interface polling will begin for all SNMP interfaces with `ifType 104` found on node interfaces matching the filter of a package in the SNMP interface poller config file.

As explained in the prior sections, exactly how and when the polling is performed is controlled by the settings on the `interface` element the SNMP interface matches in that package.
If an SNMP interface does not match the criteria of any `interface` element in a package, default settings are used, unless `useCriteriaFilters` is set to true in the top-level element, in which case no polling is performed.

[[snmp-int-poll-oid]]
== SNMP OID information

> The SNMP objects retried by this service are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This service retries the following SNMP objects:
```
